Release Notes for DOS-C version 0.91b
August 28, 1996

Differences between DOS-C v0.91 and DOS-C v0.91a
------------------------------------------------
1. IPL now builds and loads correctly.

2. This release is built with Borland C++ v3.1 and needs MS-DOS exe2bin.  
Any deviations will require some work on your part.

Differences between DOS-C v0.91 and DOS-C v0.91a
------------------------------------------------
1. Various changes in task handling that improved compatability.  DOS-C now 
runs DOOM, WordPerfect, MS-DOS applications such as QBASIC, etc.

2. IPL does not build (broken by kernel changes in shared files).

Differences between DOS-C v0.90a and DOS-C v0.91
------------------------------------------------
1. Added FreeDOS OEM ID (0xfd).

2. Improved stack handling.  Now DOS-C uses three stacks: private kernel
stack, character I/O stack and block I/O stack.  Error stack is still
missing.  Now device drivers that do DOS system calls from within the
driver work (e.g. - Logitech mouse.com).

3. Added config.sys support.  The following config options are available:
	- BUFFERS
	- FILES
	- COMMAND
	- REM

4. Improved int 2fh handler.  Now int 2fh is handled identically as MS-DOS
with the exception of int 2hf 12XX calls.

5. NLS functions are now supported, but NLSFUNC.EXE support is incomplete 
and untested.

Differences between DOS-C v0.90 and DOS-C v0.90a
------------------------------------------------
1. Only ident strings for RCS and source placed under GPL.  All other 
functionality is identical.

Differences between DOS-C and DOS/NT
------------------------------------
1. DOS-C is derived from DOS/NT.

2. DOS-C contains FCB support, as well as other functionality not contained 
in DOS/NT.

3. DOS-C is inteneded to work as a 100% DOS clone, although its initial 
release (0.90) still has some functionality missing.  See intfns.txt for 
details.

Differences between release 1.03 and 1.02:
-----------------------------------------
1. Boot now knows about 1.2MB and 1.44MB drives.

2. sys.exe error handler improved.  Now 5 retries are attempted on any disk 
operation before it exits.

3. Kernel and ipl.sys exe loader bug fixed.  Kernel appears more stable as a 
result.

4. "Production" code is now being distributed.  Symbol tables no longer in 
all exe files and remote debugger support no longer in kernel.

Differences between release 1.02 and 1.0:
-----------------------------------------
1. Partitions >32 MB are now supported with this release.

2. Undocumented get/set switchar is now supported.

3. A new utility, sys.exe, is now supplied to create bootable floppies.


The following differences exist between DOS/NT kernel and MS-DOS:

1. The following interrupts are supported:
	20h
	21h
	22h
	23h
	24h
	27h
	28h
	2fh

2. Interrupts 28h and 2fh are stubs in this version.

3. A separate list, int21.txt, is provided to document the supported DOS int 
   21h functions.

4. Directory updates do not occur until the final open handle to a file is 
   closed.

5. Seeks past eof on files with write permission do not extend the file.

6. Reading of config.sys is disabled for this release.

7. Invalid function calls cause a register dump.

7. There are no drivers for aux and lpt devices in this release.

8. Command line editing does not support insert and delete.

10. Error Handling is done entirely within the kernel.


The following differences exist between DOS/NT command.com and MS-DOS:

1. The command cls is not supported.

2. Pipes are not supported.

3. The dir command does not support the sort option.

4. The copy command does not support append and device drivers.


$Header:   C:/dos-c/doc/relnotes.txv   1.3   29 Aug 1996 13:06:42   patv  $

$Log:   C:/dos-c/doc/relnotes.txv  $
   
      Rev 1.3   29 Aug 1996 13:06:42   patv
   Bug fixes for v0.91b
   
      Rev 1.2   19 Feb 1996  3:08:18   patv
   Updated for v0.91
   
      Rev 1.1   01 Sep 1995 17:30:46   patv
   First GPL release
   
      Rev 1.0   05 Jul 1995 18:50:22   patv
   Initial revision.

